login page
1. returns the boolean value of whether the user exists.

signup page 
1. inserts a new record to the users entity. Information: username, password, no. of pets...
2. inserts new records to the pets entity. Information: name, owner, size....

my account
1. deletes pet record
2. edits pet record
3. adds pet record --> change the no. of pets in the users form
4. change password via verification question
5. delete account

favourite account
selects a list of care takers

Main page -- post listing page -- all the host listing 
1. selects all the post records with bundled information
capable to order by next min bidding, care taker rating, favourite care takers
filter by startTime && endTime, hostCapacity, lowPrice && highPrice

my listing -- all the host listing of this care taker
1. selects all the post records with the care taker's name
2. inserts a new post record

my bidding
1. selects all the post the user is bidding 

history
2 tables shall be displayed
1. selects all the sent-out transections ordered by time
2. selects all the hosting transections ordered by time
3. need a confirm payment function

chain of update & delete
1. create post
2. caretaker assgins a petowner
3. update status in biddingHistory
4. update not_completed_accommodation
5. when the payment is made, delete from con_completed_accommodation & update accommodated

pet owner view -- post information
1. time domain
2. location
3. capacity
3.5 user name
4. next min bidding
5. host provider
6. select the current bidding information with $, time domain, rating, no. of pets to be hosted ordered by SORTING ALGO
7. update a new bidding recording -|
8. insert a new bidding recording -|--> with information of pet name(s), $, start time, end time
9. boolean value of whether it is the favourite user
10. inserts the post to the wishlist

care taker view -- post information
1. time domain
2. user name
3. selects all the bidders with bundled information bidder name, $, start time, end time, rating
4. finialize the winner of bidding and change corresponding forms
5. cancel biddings with same pet names and time domain for other posts

wishlist
1. lists all the liked hosting post

remarks on database[30 March 2019]:
1. add the verification question and ans to the user profile
2. add the post entity linked to the care taker entity, which shall include the time frame infomation
3. housetype will only be regarded as the information for display solved!!!!
6. record the time of each bidding s
7. add the wishlist entity


sorting algo:
ordered by 
1. max $
2. min total time
3. min pets
4. highest rating
5. bidding time

possible further functions:
1. decline a offer
2. double views of profile for others and the user
3. commments (new entity)

30/3
1. change to numeric
2. fix time domain and caoacity for single post
3. search for how to delete comflict 


update
login: alart box when wrong password and username, pool query to login relation in database, every other pages get login status
account: deal with multiple query in one page ALT: divert to multiple pages
index: searching and 美化
signip: auto login after sign up, can do alaet box
listing and bidding: get username form login relation from database
my listing jumps to ownerview, my bidding jumps to takerview
wishlist: only need username
takerview need edit

add logout button, display username in header
// login in db: this relation should have only one record, clear when log out, ip address to be superkey in future